- Regular progress reports (%5)
* where the team explains how things are going,  what everyone worked on and what they’re doing next.
* exit interviews 
- Hitting the sprint milestones (%10)
- Milestone presentations (%10)
- Design and final project documents (%15)
- Final presentation (%5)
- Final project demo and working features (%45)
- Poster Presentation (%10)






Appendix A - 392 Per Sprint Project Evaluation (Individual)


Section
	Unacceptable
	Marginal
	Acceptable
	Proficient
	Communication
	Student did not provide notice for absence, and did not communicate in Teams.
	Student attended all weekly meetings, and was inactive on Teams.
Did not make use of the platforms provided
	Student attended all weekly meetings, and was active on Teams.
Used of the communication platforms provided to some effect.
	Student contributed during all weekly meetings, and was active on Teams.  
Well use of structure of communication platforms
	Progress  Reviews
	Student conducted irregular and non-surface level comments on pull requests or documentation
	Student conducted regular  surface level comments on pull requests or documentation
	Student conducted irregular  informative comments on pull requests or documentation
	Student conducted regular  informative comments on pull requests or documentation
	Sprint Retro
	Student completed at least 1 Sprint Retro topics.


Student was unprepared or not present at the Sprint Retro.
	Student completed at least 2 Sprint Retro topics.


Student was unprepared for the Sprint Retro 
	Student completed at least 3 Sprint Retro topics.


Student was semi-prepared for the Sprint Retro 
	Student completed at least 4 Sprint Retro topics.


Student was well prepared for the Sprint Retro meeting
	Sprint Progress
	Marginal progress was made on less than 50% of stories assigned for that sprint
Student was not present or did not participate in Sprint planning






Student did not write or wrote unclear user stories
	Marginal progress was made on 50% of stories assigned for that sprint
Student participated in the planning of the next Sprint 






Student wrote clear user stories with assistance
	Progress was made on 50% of stories assigned for that sprint


Student made minor contributions in the planning of the next Sprint 




Student wrote clearly defined user stories
	Progress was made on 75% of stories assigned for that sprint


Student actively contributed value to the planning of the next Sprint 


Student wrote concise and clear user stories
	Maintainability 
	Student did not contribute or the contributions to documentation were unclear.




Student did not write any tests for their features.
	Student made unclear or unhelpful additions to the documentation.




Student wrote tests for their features. 
	Student made minor additions to the User or Developer documentation


Student wrote comprehensive tests.
	Student contributed to the User or Developer documentation




Student wrote comprehensive and well documented tests. 
	________________


Appendix B - 392 Milestone Evaluation (Group)


Section
	Unacceptable
	Marginal
	Acceptable
	Proficient
	Completion
	Completion of less than 50% of planned features
	Partial completion of  50% of planned features
	Partial completion of  70% of planned features
	Achieved 70% of planned features
	Documentation
	Documentation for the project is insufficient






Developer documentation is missing major aspects of the project


	Documentation for the project is unclear in places but is sufficient overall 


Developer documentation lacks detail but covers the high level API


	Documentation for the project is sufficient for those familiar with the project


Documentation exists for developers of the application
	Documentation written can be understood by people unfamiliar with the project


Documentation is comprehensive and detailed for both developers and users
	Participation/
Initiative
	Did not show interest or take initiative in the project.
	Filed bugs they noticed in the system but did not go above and beyond their responsibilities
	Filed bugs, expanded and planned for additional features, completed their assigned tasks well
	Filed bugs, assisted in planning project scope, expanded and planned for additional features. Went above and beyond
	Presentation
	Did not complete their presentation
	Completed their presentation but it lacked detail and depth
	Completed their presentation well and conveyed project objective and progress
	Explained their milestones and individual work on the project well, both functionally and technically
	Appendix C - 392/492 Mentorship


Section
	Unacceptable
	Marginal
	Acceptable
	Proficient
	Code Quality
	Automated code quality review tool scores the code base decreases on an average sprint over sprint.
	Automated code quality review tool scores the codebase remains consistent on an average sprint over sprint.
	Automated code quality review tool scores the codebase increases on an average sprint over sprint.
	Automated code quality review tool scores the codebase increases significantly on an average sprint over sprint.
	Communication
(Digitally & in person)


	Conduct no 1-on-1s with each team member.


Engaged in a limited number of discussions with the team.
	Conduct some 1-on-1s with each team member.


Engaged in some discussions with the team.
	Conduct regularly scheduled 1-on-1s with each team member.


Engaged in regular discussions with the team
	Conduct regularly scheduled 1-on-1s with each team member that fosters the student's personal growth through mentorship. 


Engaged in regular discussions that moved the project forward through critical thinking. 
	Participation


	Did not direct students to significant resources in order to expose or expand on knowledge for solution approaches.


Did not participate in or facilitate pair programming. 


	Direct students to some resources in order to expose or expand on knowledge for solution approaches.  


Did not actively participate in or facilitate  pair programming.
	Direct students to some resources in order to expose or expand on knowledge for solution approaches.  
Participated and facilitated pair programming. 
	Directed students to quality resources in order to expose or expand on knowledge for solution approaches.  


Actively sought to participate in or facilitate pair programming.
	Facilitating Learning and Development
	Did not run any working sessions to get students up to speed with tech and processes they are unfamiliar with. 
	Facilitated working sessions for students to get a good starting point to approach an unfamiliar solutions.
	Ran hands-on working sessions to get students up to speed with tech and processes they are unfamiliar with. 


	Actively sought to run hands-on working sessions to get students up to speed with tech and processes they are unfamiliar with. 
	Unblocking
	Did not solve any blockers for students.
	Helped students with some blockers. 
	Took initiative to help students with their technical and creative blockers. 
	Critically thought about and solved  technical and creative blockers for students. 
	Guidance
	Did not engage with the project enough to provide guidance. 
	Guided students when requested. 


Resolved opposing student opinions. 
	Provided guidance to move the project forward. 


Found harmonious resolution at the intersection of opposing student opinions.
	Actively sought to provide guidance to move the project forward. 


Recognized pivot solutions when necessary. 


Found harmonious resolution at the intersection of opposing student opinions. 
	

________________


Appendix D - 392/492 Product Management


Section
	Unacceptable
	Marginal
	Acceptable
	Proficient
	Team Communication
	Did not facilitate planning meetings, sprint retro and stand up.


Did Not write user stories or acceptance criteria.
	Sometimes facilitate planning meetings, sprint retro or stand up.


Wrote unclear user stories.
	Facilitated planning meetings, sprint retro and stand up.


Wrote user stories with acceptance criteria. 
	Facilitated clear and concise planning meetings, sprint retro and stand up.


Wrote easy to understand user stories with clear acceptance criteria. 
	Planning
	There is an unprioritized product backlog.


Track team’s burndown metrics but does not adjust sprint scope.  


Does not gather team processes issues based on sprint retros.  


Story pointing accuracy decreases on average sprint over sprint. 


Amount of incomplete story point increases on average sprint over sprint.


	Maintain a somewhat  prioritized product backlog.


Track team’s burndown metrics and somewhat adjust sprint scope.  


Conduct some sprint retros.  


Story pointing accuracy remains consistent on average sprint over sprint. 


Amount of incomplete story point remains consistent on average sprint over sprint
	Maintain a mostly  prioritized product backlog.


Track team’s burndown metrics and mostly adjust sprint scope.  


Address team processes issues based on sprint retros. 


Story pointing accuracy slightly improves on average sprint over sprint. 


Amount of incomplete story point slightly decreases on average sprint over sprint.
	Maintain a prioritized product backlog.


Track team’s burndown metrics and accurately adjust sprint scope   


Improve team processes based on sprint retros. 


Story pointing accuracy significantly improves on average sprint over sprint. 


Amount of incomplete story point significantly decreases on average sprint over sprint.
	Scrum
	Does not facilitate regularly schedule stand up.
	Facilitating some stand ups.
	Facilitating regularly schedule stand ups.
	Facilitating quality regularly schedule stand up.
	Supervisor
Communication


	Did not sufficiently communicate project status to supervisor.
	Communicated the progress over the sprint  by each student.






Communicated  with supervisor about issues.
	Communicated and provided writeup for the progress over the sprint by each student.




Regular Communication with supervisor about issues.
	Detailed documentation  and communication for sprint progress by each student.


Proactive and regular communication with supervisor about issues.
	Presentation
	Did not sufficiently assist students in organizing the in-lecture lightning talks.
	Organized in-lecture lightning talks for students to demo their software.
	Organized in-lecture lightning talks for students to demo their software.


Assisted students in planning and preparing for the demos